I am Destin from Huntsville Alabama. These are Sadie and Spotsy. So here comes my question:
If you make a free fall in one direction in the International Space Station (ISS),
without touching anything, without getting a twist and without airflow against you,
you can then move in a certain way so that you are able to turn to another
gradual direction and then stop, without the conservation of the torque
to violate? At Smarter Every Day we demonstrated this with a high-speed camera and a cat,
which is non-holonomic (non-holonomic system) and which can thus do so by extending its legs, bending its back
and then turning it with a specific pattern. So can people do this in orbit? I would like a
visual demonstration from the International Space Station, after which you tell me if
your brain had to figure it out, or if you instinctively knew how to do it. Anyway,
thank you for helping us get smarter every day and uh ... you want to say hello to the
astronauts? - Hello - Thank you. We look up to you.
[Original subtitles by Andrew Jackson] [Translation by Michael Atsma]
Translation to other languages ​​is very popular. Contact Destin if you want to help.